{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20740\viewh13620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Ah, the first blogpost.  The process of organizing one\'92s thoughts.  The process of discovering what the goal is.  The process of evaluating and re-evaluating one\'92s motives\'85of not taking oneself too seriously (watch out!  Everyone\'92s looking!\'85.not really)\'85the list goes on.\
\
On the surface, this blog, ultimately, will be designed for and motivated by signal-boosting my thoughts, practices, interests, skill sets, and professional offerings to a wider audience.\
\
On a deeper level, I want to use this space to practice and improve my writing skills; to engage in a bit of improvisation and see what \'93off-the cuff\'94 ideas come out; to practice my coding, visual design, and UX skills; and who knows what else at this juncture.\
\
Since I love to tell stories and talk about books, I think I\'92ll talk about one now.  I\'92ll relate the plot of an amazing book I read several years ago, \'93The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle,\'94 by Haruki Murakami.  He\'92s the only author that I can say I\'92ve read more than half a dozen books by.  The book is around six hundred pages long and packed with tasty sentences around every corner (or page turn).  To try and describe the character of Murakami\'92s writing is not easy.  The version I read is a translation \'97 the original\'92s in Japanese.  I know that he worked closely with his translator, and I don\'92t think I lost anything by reading it in English.  The respect the translator has for the author\'92s work can be felt during the reading.  Murakami\'92s writing has a very gentle, subdued quality about it.  Some of the plot elements deal with crazy, otherworldly, downright scary things\'85but the entire time the writing remains totally clear.  His character descriptions are wonderful and really give the reader a total \'93picture\'94 of the character\'92s appearance and personality to the degree that when a character speaks it\'92s easy to imagine how they\'92d be speaking, their body gestures, etc.\
\
But on to a very broad introduction to the plot.\
\
Toru Okada, a normal, fairly nondescript, thirty-year-old clerk at a law office in Tokyo, lives with his wife, Kumiko Okada, a writer and magazine editor, in a modest house in a quiet neighborhood.  They rent the house from Toru\'92s uncle, a businessman with varied interests (he at one time operated a jazz club \'97 a nod to Murakami\'92s own life experience; he has also operated jazz clubs).\
\
The book opens with Toru cooking pasta for dinner and listening to music from Rossini\'92s \'93The Thieving Magpie,\'94 \'93which has to be the perfect music for cooking pasta.\'94 (From the first sentence of the book \'97 what an intro!). During the cooking the phone rings\'85it\'92s a woman Toru doesn\'92t recognize.  There\'92s some bizarre dialogue and the woman abruptly cuts the line.  Toru doesn\'92t think much of it, but gradually, strange things begin to happen around the couple.  Their cat goes missing\'85a well a few blocks away suddenly dries up\'85Toru makes the acquaintance of a rebellious teenage girl\'85and a woman named Malta Kano, a \'93water consultant,\'94 makes contact with Toru.\
\
And from that point on, it\'92s a psychedelic trip into some of the farthest reaches of the human mind the reader may have ever been on.  Other great characters are introduced later.  The book takes place across several time periods and locations, and Murakami\'92s great achievement in this book is tying all of the events and characters together into one statement.  The book is definitely one of my favorites.  I read it in three days and sacrificed sleep and schoolwork to get through it, so clearly it had an effect. Ultimately a positive one.\
\
Stay tuned for more offerings from Ned\'92s Book Collection, Over There On That Bookshelf. *outro music*}