{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18460\viewh16080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 The task:  Recreate three templates mocked up in a Figma file.\
\
These templates could have change requests at any time; each component build must allow for fluidity.\
What does this mean for the data?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}	In the JSON objects for each template there need to be several options, or keys, in each object.  If an appearance element needs to be changed we can just switch keys.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
What information does each section in the Figma file contain?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\i UI kits
\f0\i0  - completed modules that are used in each \'93home page\'94 version.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\i Components
\f0\i0  - all variants of every piece of content used on the pages.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\i Icons
\f0\i0  - all of the possible icons\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\i Templates 
\f0\i0 - the final products\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
What tasks need to be done first?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Get the barebones file structure in place.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Download the needed images, i.e. for the headers and footers.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Figure out what fonts are being used.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Write out the code for each template in pure HTML to get a clear visual of the code.  Of course this code will be partialed out prior to delivery.  This will be a bird\'92s eye view of the final product.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs72 \cf0 Jumping in
\fs48 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 I decide that time is a factor.  I reason that if I can get a clear view of how many modules are used on each page style, and how many of them, I can begin to build them out and style them.\
\
I can code out the HTML for the pages and style them right off the bat with the materials provided in the mockup.\
\
Throughout the building process, I will keep in mind the importance of keeping everything \'93susceptible to change\'94 and make it easy to change component parameters if needed.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 First:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 I draw out each module in the first page style (body class) on paper.  There are 8 total modules.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}the header / navbar\
{\listtext	2.	}the \'93hero\'94 section\
{\listtext	3.	}center content\
{\listtext	4.	}feature\
{\listtext	5.	}clients\
{\listtext	6.	}call-to-action\
{\listtext	7.	}FAQs\
{\listtext	8.	}footer\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Already I feel more comfortable.  Each module is outlined clearly in the mockup, and these can be matched up with the modules in the UI kit.\
\
So the next step is to check out what\'92s in the UI kits and see what components make up each of the modules used on the pages.\
\
Several different versions exist for each of the modules listed above.  Let\'92s enumerate them here.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}the header / navbar - 15\
{\listtext	2.	}the \'93hero\'94 section - 13\
{\listtext	3.	}center content - 9\
{\listtext	4.	}feature - 6\
{\listtext	5.	}clients - 8\
{\listtext	6.	}call-to-action - 6\
{\listtext	7.	}FAQs - 4\
{\listtext	8.	}footer - 2\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
How many of each component are there?  This is a trick question \'97 some of them can be easily reversed or have components switched out.  Let\'92s revise the above numbers.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Now, remember - 
\f1\i you\'92re still in the stage where you aren\'92t writing any code.  
\f0\i0 You\'92re marking differences (and similarities) between all of the available items and figuring out how to write 
\f1\i as little code as possible.\
\

\f0\i0 When I build out the pages, I\'92ll have to keep track of exactly what module out of the UI kit I\'92m building first.  It will be one flavor of a larger \'93set\'94 of modules\'85(and all of these could be choices in a JSON object specifically for that module\'85!)\
\
NOTE THIS:  Text sizes are included in each module\'92s attributes!\
\
\
\ul BUILDING OUT THE BASE HTML FIRST:   STEPS\ulnone \
\
\
Get SVGs for all necessary components that need to be in that format\
\
For the list items in Feature, build out the JSON objects and the HTML concurrently\
\
}